you are watching a tutorial on the focal
point Rd 270 integrated fridge/freezer
normal operating procedure the
temperature displayed on the control
panel is the current temperature of the
fridge on the left and the freezer on
the right to view the current settings
of the fridge press the fridge up or
down button once this will show you the
current setting when the display has
stopped flashing it will change to
display the current operating
temperature
to view the current settings of the
freezer press the freezer up or down
button once this will show you the
current setting when it is finished
flashing it will revert to the current
operating temperature to set the
temperature on your appliance use the
fridge up or down buttons to lower or
raise the temperature of the fridge
or alternatively the tweezer up or down
buttons to lower or raise the
temperature in freezer
we recommend that the fridge is set of 4
degrees and the freezer set at minus 18
degrees whilst your appliance is
reaching the required temperature the
appliance will bleep three times
approximately each minute until it
reaches the chosen setting this is
normal and advises you that it hasn't
yet reached temperature during normal
operation of the appliance the
temperature display will fluctuate
slightly from the setting requested as
an example if the fridge is set at 4
degrees sometimes the display may show 5
degrees this is a normal occurrence and
when required the compressor in the
appliance will restart automatically to
adjust the temperature back down to the
selected setting you may turn off the
fridge section of the appliance by
pressing and holding the fridge and the
down buttons together in this instance
the freezer will continue to operate as
required to turn the fridge back on
press and hold the fridge locking down
buttons together the fridge will now
restart you may turn off the freezer
section of the appliance by pressing and
holding the freezer up and down buttons
together in this instance the fridge
will continue to operate as required to
turn the freezer back on press and hold
the freezer up and down buttons together
and the freezer will now restart is
there a fault if you have set your
appliance as above and the temperature
of the fridge or freezer is not lowering
after approximately 3 hours it is
possible that there may be a fault
check the current settings of the fridge
by pressing the fridge up or down
buttons once this will show you the
current setting when it is finished
flashing it will revert to the current
operating temperature
check the current settings of the
freezer by plusses and freezer up or
down buttons once this will show you the
current setting when it is finished
washing it will revert to the current
operating temperature if the appliance
does not reach temperature after three
hours it will continue to bleed and
would indicate a possible fault with the
appliance
similarly the display will show a much
higher temperature than what you have
set the appliance at for example the
freezer may be reading one degree when
set to minus 18 degrees firstly try
reset on the appliance by pressing and
holding the on/off button this will
switch the appliance off the red power
light will remain on as this indicates
power to the appliance leave it for 20
seconds and then turn the appliance back
on by pressing and holding the on/off
button the appliance will switch back on
if you see no difference in the
operation of the appliance and the
temperatures do not start to adjust as
required please contact your supplier
for a call-out request